status_report.registrations = Kayıtlar
status_report.channels = Kanallar
status_report.type = Tür
status_report.host = Sunucu
status_report.username = Kullanıcı adı
status_report.state = Durum
status_report.reg_time = Kayıt Süresi
status_report.peers = Eşler
status_report.status = Durum
status_report.conferences = Konferanslar
status_report.subscriptions = Abonelikler
status_report.voicemail = Sesli Mesaj
status_report.queue = Kuyruk
status_report.queues = Kuyruklar
status_report.channel = Kanal
status_report.cid = Arayan Kimliği
status_report.clid = Aranan Numara
status_report.port = Port
status_report.dynamic = Dinamik
status_report.rport = RPORT
status_report.comedia = Comedia
status_report.description = Açıklama
status_report.acl = ACL
status_report.extension = Dahili
status_report.context = Bağlam
status_report.hint = İpucu
status_report.hints = İpuçları
status_report.mailbox = Posta kutusu
status_report.user = Kullanıcı
status_report.new_messages = Yeni Mesajlar
status_report.refresh = Yenile
status_report.sip_registration = SIP Kayıtları
status_report.iax_registration = IAX Kayıtları
status_report.sip_peers = SIP Eşleri
status_report.iax_peers = IAX Eşleri
status_report.no_queues = Tanımlanmış kuyruk yok
status_report.calls = Çağrılar
status_report.max = Maks
status_report.strategy = Strateji
status_report.holdtime = Bekletme süresi
status_report.talktime = Konuşma Süresi
status_report.weight = Ağırlık
status_report.completed = Tamamlandı
status_report.abandoned = Terkedilmiş
status_report.unlimited = Sınırsız
status_report.members = Üyeler
status_report.name = Ad
status_report.location = Konum
status_report.membership = Üyelik
status_report.incall = Görüşme
status_report.paused = Duraklatıldı
status_report.duration = Süre
status_report.summary = Özet
status_report.active_calls = Aktif Çağrılar
status_report.active_channels = Aktif Kanallar
module.status_report = Durum Raporu
menu.pbx_reports = PBX Raporları
menu.status = Durum
status_report.pjsip_registration = PJSIP Kayıtları
status_report.trunk = Bağlantı Noktası/BitişNoktası